Add upgrade consideration for Kubernetes bug in Software (#1030)
astronomer/docs: software/upgrade-astronomer.md

### Upgrading to 0.29

If you are currently on Astronomer Software 0.25, 0.26, or 0.27, you must upgrade to version 0.28 before upgrading to 0.29. A direct upgrade to 0.29 from a version lower than 0.28 is not possible.

Follow the standard installation guide to upgrade to Software 0.28, then repeat the process to upgrade to 0.29.

#### Kubernetes duplicate key removal bug in 0.29.3

There is an [unresolved Kubernetes bug](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/65106) that occurs when upgrading Helm charts that include duplicate keys in an `env` array. If you have a Helm chart with duplicate keys and upgrade to Astronomer Software 0.29.3, all key-value pairs with the duplicate key are removed from your environment.

> To preserve duplicate keys in your Helm chart, you can either reapply the values after upgrade or ensure that you use the `--reset-values` flag when running the upgrade script in Step 7.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To preserve duplicate keys in your Helm chart, you can either reapply the values after upgrading, or you can use the `--reset-values` flag when running the upgrade script in Step 7.
```
